README.md, before:

# MASS

[![Build](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Test](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/test.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)

[POC] [WIP] Java implementation of monero anon swaps server

This is an experimental Spring Boot Application that utilizes [LND hold invoices](https://wiki.ion.radar.tech/tech/research/hodl-invoice)

If successfully settled the equivalent amount in Monero is sent

## Development

1. Run as Spring Boot App from your favorite IDE or do `mvn clean install && java -jar target/mass-x.x.x.jar`
2. The `src/main/resources/application.yml` can be configured as needed.
3. Run bitcoind on [regtest](https://developer.bitcoin.org/examples/testing.html)
4. Setup LND nodes for invoice generation and settling. *[Polar](https://lightningpolar.com/) is a cool tool!
5. Run Monero on [stagenet](https://monerodocs.org/infrastructure/networks/)
6. H2 db runs at host/h2-console.
7. Currently working on Bitcoin core 0.21, LND 0.13.x, Fedora 34, Java 11, Maven 3.6 and Monero 0.17.2

NOTE: currently have an issue with Monero digest authentication rpc calls, so use `--disable-rpc-login`

```bash
~/monero-gui-v0.17.2.2/extras/monero-wallet-rpc --rpc-bind-port=18082 --wallet-file=/path/to/wallet --prompt-for-password --disable-rpc-login --daemon-address monero-stagenet.exan.tech:38081 --stagenet
```

## BTC -> XMR API

samples at `./api.http`

health check at GET `http://localhost:6789/health`

source code integrity hashes at GET `http://localhost:6789/integrity`

integrity response:

```json
{
  "integrity": "93c53eedd4fd32d832a4d4086f42ba8397d2d1690242183c128785a6e8969c7c",
  "btcQuoteController": "1d5b779a64b0ff237624cef9c2a897b21c6496e4eb61a48674d674020f7dbe43",
  "btcSwapController": "c16f9a67df5f4060cddb9c1179f29a228052f11ad0cd839ccbe9fd64bbb6d26a",
  "btcQuoteService": "05adb103051b7025fe95fb0b152680e02c2aa305374bd5711d7984d5d08a803c",
  "btcSwapService": "a3b021dba3f97b8dcb4c81ddede140574c61a1407c9b77aacd0a2d3f6a4c9cbf",
  "xmrQuoteController": "3d1b335f974985871cf77aa1ab90863b051f960e3ead20c08f7e247c43d68b39",
  "xmrSwapController": "95296e96e25331c88bbaee1bf5c08e30bd9adbaf7bbd6ee2bb107d3e87d3a18f",
  "xmrQuoteService": "a2465a8fe8e61ba97e627074d6742c52fa5656d3fa5a31dbe2d9d052758d3a33",
  "xmrSwapService": "30b07e5568355079595f44fde25bc9696d9dd8977bf2b2d105ad54773365e057"
}
```

1. generate a quote at GET `http://localhost:6789/quote/xmr`

### quote request

`address` - recipient's address to receive xmr

`amount` - amount of monero requested

`multisigInfo` - client's prepare_multisig info (from a newly generated wallet)

`preimageHash` - client must generate a 32-byte array preimage hash and reveal the preimage to complete the swap

#### sample preimage generation in node.js

```javascript
// import crypto module
const crypto = require("crypto")
// use cryptographically secure random bytes generation
const preimage = crypto.randomBytes(32)
// get the raw bytes from the buffer
const preimageRaw = JSON.parse(JSON.stringify(preimage)).data
// log the preimage raw bytes
console.log(`preimage bytes: ${preimageRaw}`)
// create SHA-256 hash
const hash = crypto.createHash('sha256')
hash.update(preimage);
// log preimage hash raw bytes
console.log(`hash bytes: ${new Uint32Array(hash.copy().digest())}`)
// log hex-encoded preimage
console.log(`hex: ${preimage.toString('hex')}`)
// log hex-encoded preimage hash
console.log(`hash: ${hash.copy().digest('hex')}`);
```

```json
{
    "address": "56fK1PpmCjz5CEiAb8dbpyQZtpJ8s4B2WaXPqyFD2FU9DUobuSDJZztEPeppvAqT2DPWcdp7qtW6KasCbYoWJC7qBcwWrSH",
    "amount": 0.123,
    "multisigInfo": "MultisigV1QUMnWLpohJt1va3RiRZJ5sMGzRuMCRxLu2L2oLdXEU5jSudoWf2L1UTJ89NUTqFqiRLriB2toCzquARxagDXaBZsKEGVSu9suSobN2jR68fgp4c5doHbKsWExZHQ4UkqcBJhd24VxTA4mR2Yw2eDGpeQ1kR8EW6aMdtozYeNkhKmBt94",
    "preimageHash": [9,89,171,169,187,120,6,135,239,136,79,42,77,80,218,62,155,44,141,244,220,100,203,213,201,181,85,16,29,242,129,80]
}
```

### quote response
```json
{
  "amount": 0.123,
  "destAddress": "56fK1PpmCjz5CEiAb8dbpyQZtpJ8s4B2WaXPqyFD2FU9DUobuSDJZztEPeppvAqT2DPWcdp7qtW6KasCbYoWJC7qBcwWrSH",
  "invoice": "lnbcrt715930n1ps3scfzpp5p9v6h2dm0qrg0mugfu4y65x686djer05m3jvh4wfk423q80js9gqdq8d4shxuccqzpgxqrpcgsp506z2znrgcdxyrjd5egdae5n8fa5py8f4cf0x427nlqjgpv3067qq9qyyssqyssc3wn3xrgtw04wm8wamxglpge8cmu0qex6rd4c4jhz4cyggvh3mtaw9axf8hjvvtdl98jxjflscqp50tsu96j08xvzfmmc4akuwyqqw3xlja",
  "maxSwapAmt": 10000000,
  "minSwapAmt": 10000,
  "swapMakeMultisigInfo": "MultisigV1apVSuNSr13h2sjc41NM4twGjavqUGuZXtEWWExcTsfrEahkE1AxKWDSggyNAAhMfvmcjjBSmJbRqfWGWjC9QGFAnEY64yFpkb4LCLmFmCiCNRwbJr5pWoCqnp4q7j8xy8m1R5gcw1vrrFVXhNzzKGZ3pq1RTupACz57qzhBbzDu9B6Ks",
  "mediatorMakeMultisigInfo": "MultisigV1HQhvW8ANd9RMG8WqA68iVbAwWd9F7E1zbVSwv2sWcsD5HddsvBDQSamUUND5GDtyknDV55eXJYwxv22Fd4mZz4AKdMYwzFdaiYpYJHZcayxJDGeZ2naTCmb48DeWqQRiCj1Q3KdT24wJKHRJz8EY72fVezJHQU3S4aKMZ3JfKbnts8wq",
  "swapFinalizeMultisigInfo": "MultisigxV1X69iiu6DQF3PcfhhqAEJgCKVA1vTforUs3GPNqN5uDjRU92SauVA1CGGu3HS7FC57WSkCeZn3dxhyMPAgBdnGgLB13fmdEUgYWx8pJt6AzRnYnBVAhkaFtp1BQTCQf1HEV6BDUfenBzFrnmioL9JUCB8FCisEyf6QXYGVW1uUgYxCevGNDzHKhmMJAvb2pYQTHazTdfeS2VXwfQGaVzVWaJZNGQJ",
  "mediatorFinalizeMultisigInfo": "MultisigxV1X69iiu6DQF3PcfhhqAEJgCKVA1vTforUs3GPNqN5uDjRU92SauVA1CGGu3HS7FC57WSkCeZn3dxhyMPAgBdnGgLB13fmdEUgYWx8pJt6AzRnYnBVAhkaFtp1BQTCQf1HEV6BDUfenBzFrnmioL9JUCB8FCisEyf6QXYGVW1uUgYxCevGNDzHKhmMJAvb2pYQTHazTdfeS2VXwfQGaVzVWaJZNGQJ",
  "quoteId": "0959aba9bb780687ef884f2a4d50da3e9b2c8df4dc64cbd5c9b555101df28150",
  "rate": 0.00582063,
  "reserveProof": {
    "signature": "ReserveProofV21AiqQ3aniJq1RHxjRQnD8AT4qqR4iQ2m75csXaJQszdNjEVT5DQSGM2FU9NFKN44ii44xpPx9maxSiEkcowi7aHhCeZe9B8EANcU4mD3FxBAGXHf4vsTFyAz9bZEUgURsQ7g8NR3dNnAP1pRSSWRTgdqMUV4fAWF666bbHbvt21WeH9e54V5p4E1HVMKKB3f41Ea1G5WDFMYecU34Jeic7gsJe4sKDnyp6FSeNnG6VNGuRnpi9jevjTVxPuUcHaW2c3FXrhe9dymviL44VY6Pn8uGVbtG6QfgKtAnR1xEhSqvkxnhLDUPMfyYjphayXXNWvXnPfKYp2YCZjiQ9nbvZcKj3oTEbMvYfGmKEkrN2qKFTq5TVRT74frGjUTDuJSzFAXWWmSPG6ZNMppnZB17rkNuLcTfFr2QtC8G5nD9Fvmei9FoyQAKi8K9SQarua",
    "proofAddress": "54gqcJZAtgzBFnQWEQHec3RoWfmoHqL4H8sASqdQMGshfqdpG1fzT5ddCpz9y4C2MwQkB5GE2o6vUVCGKbokJJa6S6NSatn"
  }
}
```

2. Pay the (hold) `invoice` from response. Fund the consensus wallet by sending quote id and output from make_multisig_info

### funding request

POST http://localhost:6789/swap/fund/xmr

```json
{
    "hash": "02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94",
    "makeMultisigInfo": "MultisigxV1SR6MxEnobnw8xYjJ2WCBNh4gQDHvLR1pX7df9xABRHHL1hbcb5A5NLgCxgEcNz61tpeofhcut9o6xWnFyhBpiGzLKfGTBomYYuN8P1ZPgjNpHBaXM52LStyhaAuFp43WAx2HdHKpVj9pXdmdVrhoWdGRNCKURwPYsPnP1idNvmVAxQajYYave3A4r6DYPzTAETac4pLijvR8ixT3kNgW1oj1RGLY"
}
```
/swap/fund/xmr response: 
```json
{
  "txid": "88546046d697e8c193fa6a85ab9d8374e9c65c10d2fafbc06223a60cf7c5ad2c",
  "swapAddress": "53QeEYRzE8t4PuTu2VDb9DaWbNvgqYhgf3gEYdyWSoQNggyJJwwZd1nQpqzu3dhfZBXocUrtABLZX6xQY5i3fDT9JvCmYEb"
}
```

3. Send export_multisig_info and quote id to initialize the swap

### initialize the swap

#### NOTE: there appears to be a bug here with n_ouputs = 0 on the first try, so you need some retry logic here. It 'should' work on the retry but if not open an issue.

#### CANCELLING? don't send output from export_multisig_info, just sent the hash

POST http://localhost:6789/swap/initialize/xmr

```json

{
    "hash": "0959aba9bb780687ef884f2a4d50da3e9b2c8df4dc64cbd5c9b555101df28150",
    "importInfo": "MultiSigInfo..."
}
```

/swap/initialize/xmr response:
```json

{
    "hash": "0959aba9bb780687ef884f2a4d50da3e9b2c8df4dc64cbd5c9b555101df28150",
    "swapExportInfo": "MultiSigInfo...",
    "mediatorExportInfo": "MultiSigInfo..."
}
```

4. Use the `quoteId` (aka preimage hash) and preimage to complete swap execution


POST http://localhost:6789/swap/xmr

```json
{
    "hash": "02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94",
    "preimage": [223,170,234,101,192,203,20,100,57,7,43,236,232,7,121,194,116,73,13,147,124,252,119,126,25,147,65,130,81,233,9,84]
}
```

response:

lncli

```bash
user@server:~$ lncli -n regtest payinvoice $PAY_REQ
Payment hash: 02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94
Description: mass
Amount (in satoshis): 77382
Fee limit (in satoshis): 77382
Destination: 03e420f400087f0640ee6dfd5b0b589908133c8cf36a737e2d0c3c908661477597
Confirm payment (yes/no): yes
+------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+-----+----------+-----------------+----------------------+
| HTLC_STATE | ATTEMPT_TIME | RESOLVE_TIME | RECEIVER_AMT | FEE | TIMELOCK | CHAN_OUT        | ROUTE                |
+------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+-----+----------+-----------------+----------------------+
| SUCCEEDED  |        0.041 |       33.868 | 77382        | 0   |      792 | 713583046557696 | 03e420f400087f0640ee |
+------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+-----+----------+-----------------+----------------------+
Amount + fee:   77382 + 0 sat
Payment hash:   02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94
Payment status: SUCCEEDED, preimage: xxx
```

```json

{
  "hash": "63eb4534535a4c4afa9455f7dacde8cecbbac91e2bcd390407e1b88704a9a758",
  "multisigTxSet": "Multisig..."
}

```

sign and submit the transaction 

* [sign_multisig](https://web.getmonero.org/resources/developer-guides/wallet-rpc.html#sign_multisig)

* [submit_multisig](https://web.getmonero.org/resources/developer-guides/wallet-rpc.html#submit_multisig)

### Cancel

at this point it is still possible to cancel the swap by sending the hash

POST http://localhost:6789/swap/cancel/xmr

```json
{
    "hash": "02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94"
}
```

## XMR -> BTC API

Coming soon!

## Tests

MASS uses JUnit5 - [junit-jupiter](https://junit.org/junit5/) framework

Run `mvn clean install` from the root directory

View test coverage with web browser `./target/site/jacoco/index.htm`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13033037/126047819-09fe351a-be62-4bf9-bd5f-cb3580862c6e.png)


## TODOs

See [milestones](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/milestones)

Commit message:

rate: make rate info available without creating a quote

README.md, after:

# MASS

[![Build](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Test](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/test.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)

[POC] [WIP] Java implementation of monero anon swaps server

This is an experimental Spring Boot Application that utilizes [LND hold invoices](https://wiki.ion.radar.tech/tech/research/hodl-invoice)

If successfully settled the equivalent amount in Monero is sent

## Development

1. Run as Spring Boot App from your favorite IDE or do `mvn clean install && java -jar target/mass-x.x.x.jar`
2. The `src/main/resources/application.yml` can be configured as needed.
3. Run bitcoind on [regtest](https://developer.bitcoin.org/examples/testing.html)
4. Setup LND nodes for invoice generation and settling. *[Polar](https://lightningpolar.com/) is a cool tool!
5. Run Monero on [stagenet](https://monerodocs.org/infrastructure/networks/)
6. H2 db runs at host/h2-console.
7. Currently working on Bitcoin core 0.21, LND 0.13.x, Fedora 34, Java 11, Maven 3.6 and Monero 0.17.2

NOTE: currently have an issue with Monero digest authentication rpc calls, so use `--disable-rpc-login`

```bash
~/monero-gui-v0.17.2.2/extras/monero-wallet-rpc --rpc-bind-port=18082 --wallet-file=/path/to/wallet --prompt-for-password --disable-rpc-login --daemon-address monero-stagenet.exan.tech:38081 --stagenet
```

## BTC -> XMR API

1. Generate a quote at GET `http://localhost:6789/quote/xmr`
2. Pay the (hold) `invoice` from response. Fund the consensus wallet by sending quote id and output from make_multisig_info
3. Send export_multisig_info and quote id to initialize the swap
4. Use the `quoteId` (aka preimage hash) and preimage to complete swap execution

samples at `./api.http`

health check at GET `http://localhost:6789/health`

source code integrity hashes at GET `http://localhost:6789/integrity`

obtain rate and bypass quote at GET `http://localhost:6789/rate`

integrity response:

```json
{
  "integrity": "93c53eedd4fd32d832a4d4086f42ba8397d2d1690242183c128785a6e8969c7c",
  "btcQuoteController": "1d5b779a64b0ff237624cef9c2a897b21c6496e4eb61a48674d674020f7dbe43",
  "btcSwapController": "c16f9a67df5f4060cddb9c1179f29a228052f11ad0cd839ccbe9fd64bbb6d26a",
  "btcQuoteService": "05adb103051b7025fe95fb0b152680e02c2aa305374bd5711d7984d5d08a803c",
  "btcSwapService": "a3b021dba3f97b8dcb4c81ddede140574c61a1407c9b77aacd0a2d3f6a4c9cbf",
  "xmrQuoteController": "3d1b335f974985871cf77aa1ab90863b051f960e3ead20c08f7e247c43d68b39",
  "xmrSwapController": "95296e96e25331c88bbaee1bf5c08e30bd9adbaf7bbd6ee2bb107d3e87d3a18f",
  "xmrQuoteService": "a2465a8fe8e61ba97e627074d6742c52fa5656d3fa5a31dbe2d9d052758d3a33",
  "xmrSwapService": "30b07e5568355079595f44fde25bc9696d9dd8977bf2b2d105ad54773365e057"
}
```



### Quote Request

`address` - recipient's address to receive xmr

`amount` - amount of monero requested

`multisigInfo` - client's prepare_multisig info (from a newly generated wallet)

`preimageHash` - client must generate a 32-byte array preimage hash and reveal the preimage to complete the swap

#### Sample preimage generation in node.js

```javascript
// import crypto module
const crypto = require("crypto")
// use cryptographically secure random bytes generation
const preimage = crypto.randomBytes(32)
// get the raw bytes from the buffer
const preimageRaw = JSON.parse(JSON.stringify(preimage)).data
// log the preimage raw bytes
console.log(`preimage bytes: ${preimageRaw}`)
// create SHA-256 hash
const hash = crypto.createHash('sha256')
hash.update(preimage);
// log preimage hash raw bytes
console.log(`hash bytes: ${new Uint32Array(hash.copy().digest())}`)
// log hex-encoded preimage
console.log(`hex: ${preimage.toString('hex')}`)
// log hex-encoded preimage hash
console.log(`hash: ${hash.copy().digest('hex')}`);
```

```json
{
    "address": "56fK1PpmCjz5CEiAb8dbpyQZtpJ8s4B2WaXPqyFD2FU9DUobuSDJZztEPeppvAqT2DPWcdp7qtW6KasCbYoWJC7qBcwWrSH",
    "amount": 0.123,
    "multisigInfo": "MultisigV1QUMnWLpohJt1va3RiRZJ5sMGzRuMCRxLu2L2oLdXEU5jSudoWf2L1UTJ89NUTqFqiRLriB2toCzquARxagDXaBZsKEGVSu9suSobN2jR68fgp4c5doHbKsWExZHQ4UkqcBJhd24VxTA4mR2Yw2eDGpeQ1kR8EW6aMdtozYeNkhKmBt94",
    "preimageHash": [9,89,171,169,187,120,6,135,239,136,79,42,77,80,218,62,155,44,141,244,220,100,203,213,201,181,85,16,29,242,129,80]
}
```

### Quote Response
```json
{
  "amount": 0.123,
  "destAddress": "56fK1PpmCjz5CEiAb8dbpyQZtpJ8s4B2WaXPqyFD2FU9DUobuSDJZztEPeppvAqT2DPWcdp7qtW6KasCbYoWJC7qBcwWrSH",
  "invoice": "lnbcrt715930n1ps3scfzpp5p9v6h2dm0qrg0mugfu4y65x686djer05m3jvh4wfk423q80js9gqdq8d4shxuccqzpgxqrpcgsp506z2znrgcdxyrjd5egdae5n8fa5py8f4cf0x427nlqjgpv3067qq9qyyssqyssc3wn3xrgtw04wm8wamxglpge8cmu0qex6rd4c4jhz4cyggvh3mtaw9axf8hjvvtdl98jxjflscqp50tsu96j08xvzfmmc4akuwyqqw3xlja",
  "maxSwapAmt": 10000000,
  "minSwapAmt": 10000,
  "swapMakeMultisigInfo": "MultisigV1apVSuNSr13h2sjc41NM4twGjavqUGuZXtEWWExcTsfrEahkE1AxKWDSggyNAAhMfvmcjjBSmJbRqfWGWjC9QGFAnEY64yFpkb4LCLmFmCiCNRwbJr5pWoCqnp4q7j8xy8m1R5gcw1vrrFVXhNzzKGZ3pq1RTupACz57qzhBbzDu9B6Ks",
  "mediatorMakeMultisigInfo": "MultisigV1HQhvW8ANd9RMG8WqA68iVbAwWd9F7E1zbVSwv2sWcsD5HddsvBDQSamUUND5GDtyknDV55eXJYwxv22Fd4mZz4AKdMYwzFdaiYpYJHZcayxJDGeZ2naTCmb48DeWqQRiCj1Q3KdT24wJKHRJz8EY72fVezJHQU3S4aKMZ3JfKbnts8wq",
  "swapFinalizeMultisigInfo": "MultisigxV1X69iiu6DQF3PcfhhqAEJgCKVA1vTforUs3GPNqN5uDjRU92SauVA1CGGu3HS7FC57WSkCeZn3dxhyMPAgBdnGgLB13fmdEUgYWx8pJt6AzRnYnBVAhkaFtp1BQTCQf1HEV6BDUfenBzFrnmioL9JUCB8FCisEyf6QXYGVW1uUgYxCevGNDzHKhmMJAvb2pYQTHazTdfeS2VXwfQGaVzVWaJZNGQJ",
  "mediatorFinalizeMultisigInfo": "MultisigxV1X69iiu6DQF3PcfhhqAEJgCKVA1vTforUs3GPNqN5uDjRU92SauVA1CGGu3HS7FC57WSkCeZn3dxhyMPAgBdnGgLB13fmdEUgYWx8pJt6AzRnYnBVAhkaFtp1BQTCQf1HEV6BDUfenBzFrnmioL9JUCB8FCisEyf6QXYGVW1uUgYxCevGNDzHKhmMJAvb2pYQTHazTdfeS2VXwfQGaVzVWaJZNGQJ",
  "quoteId": "0959aba9bb780687ef884f2a4d50da3e9b2c8df4dc64cbd5c9b555101df28150",
  "rate": 0.00582063,
  "reserveProof": {
    "signature": "ReserveProofV21AiqQ3aniJq1RHxjRQnD8AT4qqR4iQ2m75csXaJQszdNjEVT5DQSGM2FU9NFKN44ii44xpPx9maxSiEkcowi7aHhCeZe9B8EANcU4mD3FxBAGXHf4vsTFyAz9bZEUgURsQ7g8NR3dNnAP1pRSSWRTgdqMUV4fAWF666bbHbvt21WeH9e54V5p4E1HVMKKB3f41Ea1G5WDFMYecU34Jeic7gsJe4sKDnyp6FSeNnG6VNGuRnpi9jevjTVxPuUcHaW2c3FXrhe9dymviL44VY6Pn8uGVbtG6QfgKtAnR1xEhSqvkxnhLDUPMfyYjphayXXNWvXnPfKYp2YCZjiQ9nbvZcKj3oTEbMvYfGmKEkrN2qKFTq5TVRT74frGjUTDuJSzFAXWWmSPG6ZNMppnZB17rkNuLcTfFr2QtC8G5nD9Fvmei9FoyQAKi8K9SQarua",
    "proofAddress": "54gqcJZAtgzBFnQWEQHec3RoWfmoHqL4H8sASqdQMGshfqdpG1fzT5ddCpz9y4C2MwQkB5GE2o6vUVCGKbokJJa6S6NSatn"
  }
}
```

### Funding Request

POST http://localhost:6789/swap/fund/xmr

```json
{
    "hash": "02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94",
    "makeMultisigInfo": "MultisigxV1SR6MxEnobnw8xYjJ2WCBNh4gQDHvLR1pX7df9xABRHHL1hbcb5A5NLgCxgEcNz61tpeofhcut9o6xWnFyhBpiGzLKfGTBomYYuN8P1ZPgjNpHBaXM52LStyhaAuFp43WAx2HdHKpVj9pXdmdVrhoWdGRNCKURwPYsPnP1idNvmVAxQajYYave3A4r6DYPzTAETac4pLijvR8ixT3kNgW1oj1RGLY"
}
```

### Funding Response

/swap/fund/xmr response: 

```json
{
  "txid": "88546046d697e8c193fa6a85ab9d8374e9c65c10d2fafbc06223a60cf7c5ad2c",
  "swapAddress": "53QeEYRzE8t4PuTu2VDb9DaWbNvgqYhgf3gEYdyWSoQNggyJJwwZd1nQpqzu3dhfZBXocUrtABLZX6xQY5i3fDT9JvCmYEb"
}
```



### Initialize the Swap

* NOTE: there appears to be a bug here with n_ouputs = 0 on the first try, so you need some retry logic here. It 'should' work on the retry but if not open an issue.

* CANCELLING? don't send output from export_multisig_info, just send the hash

POST http://localhost:6789/swap/initialize/xmr

```json

{
    "hash": "0959aba9bb780687ef884f2a4d50da3e9b2c8df4dc64cbd5c9b555101df28150",
    "importInfo": "MultiSigInfo..."
}
```

### Initialize Response 

/swap/initialize/xmr response:
```json

{
    "hash": "0959aba9bb780687ef884f2a4d50da3e9b2c8df4dc64cbd5c9b555101df28150",
    "swapExportInfo": "MultiSigInfo...",
    "mediatorExportInfo": "MultiSigInfo..."
}
```

### Swap

POST http://localhost:6789/swap/xmr

```json
{
    "hash": "02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94",
    "preimage": [223,170,234,101,192,203,20,100,57,7,43,236,232,7,121,194,116,73,13,147,124,252,119,126,25,147,65,130,81,233,9,84]
}
```

/swap/xmr response:

lncli

```bash
user@server:~$ lncli -n regtest payinvoice $PAY_REQ
Payment hash: 02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94
Description: mass
Amount (in satoshis): 77382
Fee limit (in satoshis): 77382
Destination: 03e420f400087f0640ee6dfd5b0b589908133c8cf36a737e2d0c3c908661477597
Confirm payment (yes/no): yes
+------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+-----+----------+-----------------+----------------------+
| HTLC_STATE | ATTEMPT_TIME | RESOLVE_TIME | RECEIVER_AMT | FEE | TIMELOCK | CHAN_OUT        | ROUTE                |
+------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+-----+----------+-----------------+----------------------+
| SUCCEEDED  |        0.041 |       33.868 | 77382        | 0   |      792 | 713583046557696 | 03e420f400087f0640ee |
+------------+--------------+--------------+--------------+-----+----------+-----------------+----------------------+
Amount + fee:   77382 + 0 sat
Payment hash:   02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94
Payment status: SUCCEEDED, preimage: xxx
```

```json

{
  "hash": "63eb4534535a4c4afa9455f7dacde8cecbbac91e2bcd390407e1b88704a9a758",
  "multisigTxSet": "Multisig..."
}

```

sign and submit the transaction 

* [sign_multisig](https://web.getmonero.org/resources/developer-guides/wallet-rpc.html#sign_multisig)

* [submit_multisig](https://web.getmonero.org/resources/developer-guides/wallet-rpc.html#submit_multisig)

### Cancel

* At this point it is still possible to cancel the swap by sending the hash
* If export_multisig_info was sent during initialization then client must wait for 7200s timelock


POST http://localhost:6789/swap/cancel/xmr

```json
{
    "hash": "02a69bb6043d2a4101502efef3da901095c7ea97c0e6bd277b9b7430de8a7b94"
}
```

## XMR -> BTC API

Coming soon!

## Tests

MASS uses JUnit5 - [junit-jupiter](https://junit.org/junit5/) framework

Run `mvn clean install` from the root directory

View test coverage with web browser `./target/site/jacoco/index.htm`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13033037/126047819-09fe351a-be62-4bf9-bd5f-cb3580862c6e.png)


## TODOs

See [milestones](https://github.com/hyahatiph-labs/mass/milestones)
